**FinalProject**

My name is Iris Shi and my experiment looks at whether anxiety has an impact on working memory. If anxiety does have an impact on working memory then an anxiety inducing condition should impact participants ability to solve simple math equations such that it should takes participants longer and/or at a decreased accuracy to answer math equations. Furthermore, if working memory is impacted by anxiety we will see a slower and/or inaccurate response within the the trials of the first block and then a gradual improvement in terms of increased accuracy and response time within the trials of the second block as  anxiety is gradually wearing off over time. In my experiment, anxiety will be induced through a high arousing stimuli which will be initiated through imagining standing on a rooftop with no railings. Working memory will be measured by the accuracy and response times of participants answering math equations. Once the anxiety inducing stimuli (text stimuli) is presented, participants will press any key to move on to answer simple mathematic equations as quickly and accurately as possible. There will be 2 blocks with 10 trials each. The mathematic equations will be displayed and shuffled randomly from a list. Each mathematic equation will be displayed until participant inputs any answer/makes an attempt. Therefore, equations will be displayed for as long as it takes the participant to answer the question. Once participants have gone through the 2 blocks, a thank you text will appear for 3 seconds and then the window will close. Participant information and data will be collected and saved to the folder 'IrisExperiment' as a csv file which will be named as the participant's name, age, and gender followed by 'Results.csv'.


